All right.
So now we are going to discuss this chaining mechanism even further with a bit more of an like message
parsing probably like or the output parsing.
So what I really mean about that really.
So for instance, all these days we have been getting the responses as a string content over here.
But these are not really parsed out quite well.
So if I want to really parsed out probably like a string output with a parsing mechanism, then I can
also do that, and I can then pass it to an pipeline and then get the get the response out from the
parsing value as well.
So I'll tell you what I really mean about that.
So if I'm going to say on the markdown over here, I'm going to say a string parsing and I'm going to
create a code, I'm just going to copy paste the same code over here.
And I'm just going to do this, copy and paste it over here and we don't really need this one.
Let me get rid of that.
Also, I'm going to get rid of this comment.
You are pretty familiar with that as well.
And over here I'm going to do this.
I'm going to import a a parser really.
So I'm going to say oops from a Lang chain.
Let me just stop this Lang chain core output parsers.
And I'm going to import what is called as a string output parser.
So this is just going to be a parser that I'm really going to be importing over here.
And now I'm going to use this string output parser to get the output for me from the large language
model.
So now you see that I'm going to be parsing the large language model output as the string output parser
over here.
So I'm going to just say string output parser.
Look at that.
So now I can pipe it again.
Or maybe I can chain it again from the large language model.
I'm going to print the value out from this particular string output parser.
And now I can just say response.
And I'm going to say response.
Okay.
Print the response.
I know that the output is already a string value, so there won't be much of a difference, but I wanted
to show you a point here that you can keep chaining this like any further number of times as well,
so that you can get the output.
And again, the string output parser is also a runnable.
So you are going to get the you can chain it up and then you can get the output from there as well.
Let's look at that so you can change it up.
And then you can get the value out from this.
So this is how you can do a string parsing from this particular string output parser over here.
And you can do the exact same thing for JSON or CSV or whatever that you want to do.
You can do that as well.
We'll be talking about that in a later point of time, but at least you got the idea of how we can actually
do with the parser operation.